{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red87\green135\blue156;\red109\green109\blue109;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Hi! I'm Lena.\
\
I'm a science journalist with a passion for design. I just finished a masters in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://journalism.nyu.edu/graduate/courses-of-study/science-health-and-environmental-reporting/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Science, Health and Environmental Reporting}} at NYU.\'a0\
\
Right now I'm a news apps fellow at ProPublica where I do a mix of writing, design and coding to tell news stories. Before that I was at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.scientificamerican.com/author.cfm?id=2697"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Scientific American}}, writing about psychology, neuroscience and the odd quirks of the human mind, and before that I was at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/author/lenagroeger/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Wired}}, where I wrote about media, technology and the Defense Department's latest sci-fi projects.\'a0I make posters, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lenagroegeretc.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 blog occasionally}}, and am excited about experimenting with new forms of online journalism. I also like running (a lot).\
\
I studied biology and philosophy at Brown, graphic design at the Rhode Island School of Design, and \'a0bioethics at Oxford.\'a0\
\
Have a look around and feel free to get in touch! (via {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/#!/lenagroeger"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tweet}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:lgroeger@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 email}})\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.scientificamerican.com/author.cfm?id=2697"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Scientific American}}\cf4  & SciAm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/guest-blog/2011/08/31/how-where-you-live-affects-the-life-you-prefer-or-not/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Guest Blog}}\
\
Wired {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/author/lenagroeger/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Danger Room}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wired.com/epicenter/author/lenagroeger/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Epicenter}}, & {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2011/05/nook-simple-touch/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Gadget Lab}}\
\
New York University's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.scienceline.org/author/lena-groeger/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Scienceline}}
\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf4 Nature Education {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nature.com/scitable/blog/student-voices/the_sound_of_epigenetics"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Student Voices}}\
\
Discover {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/discoblog/2010/10/26/what-neuroscience-has-to-say-about-gaps-logo-disaster/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Discoblog}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rationallyspeaking.blogspot.com/2011/05/who-dunnit-not-so-insignificant-quirks.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Rationally Speaking}}\
\
Oxford University's\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.practicalethics.ox.ac.uk/author/lena-groeger/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Practical Ethics News}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://journals.lww.com/acsm-healthfitness/Abstract/2010/07000/Injury_Risks_for_the_Female_Athlete.7.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 American College of Sports Medicine Health & Fitness Journal}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://expositionmagazine.com/?p=684"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Oxford University Exposition Magazine}}}